gh-94199: Remove ssl.wrap_socket() documentation (#99023)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ssl.rst

   Given the address ``addr`` of an SSL-protected server, as a (*hostname*,
   *port-number*) pair, fetches the server's certificate, and returns it as a
   PEM-encoded string.  If ``ssl_version`` is specified, uses that version of
   the SSL protocol to attempt to connect to the server.  If *ca_certs* is
   specified, it should be a file containing a list of root certificates, the
   same format as used for the *cafile* parameter in

>    :meth:`SSLContext.wrap_socket`.  The call will attempt to validate the

Reviewer: [`SSLContext.wrap_socket`](https://docs.python.org/3.12/library/ssl.html#ssl.SSLContext.wrap_socket) has no `cafile` parameter, [`SSLContext.load_verify_locations`](https://docs.python.org/3.12/library/ssl.html#ssl.SSLContext.load_verify_locations) has it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   same format as used for the *cafile* parameter in
   :meth:`SSLContext.load_verify_locations`.  The call will attempt to validate the
```

.. data:: CERT_NONE

   Possible value for :attr:`SSLContext.verify_mode`, or the ``cert_reqs``

>    parameter to :meth:`SSLContext.wrap_socket`.  Except for :const:`PROTOCOL_TLS_CLIENT`,

Reviewer: `SSLContext.wrap_socket` does not have the `cert_reqs` parameter

   Use of this setting requires a valid set of CA certificates to
   be passed, either to :meth:`SSLContext.load_verify_locations` or as a

>    value of the ``ca_certs`` parameter to :meth:`SSLContext.wrap_socket`.

Reviewer: No such parameter too

Reviewer: A few other lines have such a problem too

Often the private key is stored in the same file as the certificate; in this
case, only the ``certfile`` parameter to :meth:`SSLContext.load_cert_chain`

> and :meth:`SSLContext.wrap_socket` needs to be passed.  If the private key is stored

Reviewer: [`SSLContext.wrap_socket`](https://docs.python.org/3.12/library/ssl.html#ssl.SSLContext.wrap_socket) has no `certfile` parameter

> and :meth:`SSLContext.wrap_socket` needs to be passed.  If the private key is stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs to be passed.  If the private key is stored
```
